DM-3508 Minor changes to CRA passthrough (#3492)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cloud-remote-access/cra-introduction-bundle/how-it-works.md

To leverage Cloud Remote Access, your device needs to be enabled by installing [thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.github.io/thin-edge.io/). Thin-edge.io is designed to fully integrate with this feature and all other Device Management functionalities provided by {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. By combining 
{{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s Cloud Remote Access with thin-edge.io, you can achieve a secure, efficient, and user-friendly remote device management solution that scales with your IoT deployment.

### Browser-based support for VNC, SSH and Telnet

![Cloud Remote Access - VNC, SSH & Telnet](/images/cra/cra-intro-1.png)

> A common use case is the need of remotely accessing a device configuration interface using SSH, VNC or Telnet. For these protocols the CRA feature provides a convenient browser-based client that is integrated in the user interface of {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common use case is the need to remotely access a device configuration interface using SSH, VNC, or Telnet. For these protocols, the CRA feature provides a convenient browser-based client that is integrated in the user interface of {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```
